[Autogenerated] all right, way to go.
You made it to the end of this systems manager module Before we move on.
Let's just have a quick wrap up and review what we learned
so we can reinforce it before we move on.
We learn that systems manager is essentially a suite of tools
that enable easier operations management.
Within AWS,
we saw there were five core categories that each had their own subset or
suite of tools and capabilities that they can perform.
We saw their operations management, which allowed us to manage.
Our AWS resource is from a central location.
We looked at application management,
which allows us to configure our applications.
Running on our resource is like app config, for example.
We explored actions and change, so we looked at automation,
XYZ and different maintenance windows that we could use.
We explored the long list of instances and nodes related capabilities,
including inventory in session manager and then we finished up with
shared resource is where we looked at that automation document and
then explored using them within a W s.
Now that's gonna do it.
Let's go ahead and wrap up here, and when you're ready, you can move on to the next module